
Key Learning Points
A person with a growth mindset focuses on transformation over simply accumulating knowledge.

Transformation happens in two ways: through a disorienting dilemma and through accumulation of meaning schema over time.

If you focus on 1% improvements a day in the key areas of your life, transformation can come to you through deliberate action.

The 5 Praxis Model of Transformation:

Critical reflection

Critical study and writing

Social discourse

Rate of application

Altered states of consciousness


The 3 MIQs

Key Learning Points
There are two types of goals: means goals and end goals.
End goals prompt us to follow our hearts and bring us positive feelings, while means goals usually stem from societal pressure.

The Three Most Important Questions can help create powerful end goals:

What do I want to experience?

How do I want to grow?

How do I want to contribute?


Key Learning Points
Your consciousness is shaped by your beliefs, habits, and behaviors.

Your beliefs are your models of reality, and your habits and practices are your systems for living.

True growth mindset requires constantly questioning and updating your beliefs, as well as looking for new practices that you can adopt into your life.


Key Learning Points
The most effective way to achieve your goals is by creating a new identity.
You can reinforce your new identity through the identity-shape-shifting exercise.

For every goal you have, create a powerful lofty question to ask yourself upon waking up.

Asking a lofty question while your brain is in alpha state will help change your subconscious mind.
---------------------------

Key Learning Points
SuperProductivity means achieving clarity of thinking and being in a flow state, allowing you to love what you do.

The 4-Step Process to Reimagine Internal Triggers

Look for the discomfort that precedes the distraction.

Write down your internal trigger.

Explore the sensations that come along with your reaction to the internal trigger.

Be aware of the liminal moment and pause.



